README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

added some shadcn styling incl the drop down with distance. Removed the city state because the search uses the latitude and longitude for searach so this is not needed.

README.md, after:

# Restaurant Search App

This is a Next.js 14 application that allows users to search for nearby restaurants using the Google Maps API. The app provides a user-friendly interface for searching and displaying restaurant information, with server-side actions to handle API requests.

## Features

- Search for nearby restaurants based on user input
- Display search results in a dropdown with restaurant details, including distance
- Show selected restaurant information including name, address, and distance
- Display the location of the selected restaurant on a Google Map
- Server-side actions for secure API calls
- Distance calculation using the Haversine formula

## Technologies Used

- Next.js 14 (App Router)
- React
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- shadcn/ui components
- Google Maps API (Places API - Nearby Search)

## Server Actions

This application uses server actions to interact with the Google Maps API. The main server action implemented is:

`fetchNearbyRestaurants`: This action searches for nearby restaurants based on the user's input and current location. It uses the Google Maps Places API Nearby Search and includes the following functionality:
- Filters results to match restaurants whose names start with the user's query
- Calculates the distance between the user and each restaurant using the Haversine formula
- Sorts results by distance (ascending order)

The server action requires the `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_MAP_KEY` environment variable to be set.

## Environment Setup

To run this application, you need to set up the following environment variable:

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_MAP_KEY`: Your Google Maps API key

Create a `.env.local` file in the root of your project and add the following line:
